1.Write a python program that uses the decision tree algorithm from the sklearn library to classify the iris dataset. [Note: load the iris data set from sklearn]

2.Write a python program that uses the random forest algorithm from the sklearn library to classify the iris dataset. [Note: load the iris data set from sklearn]

3.Build simple Neural Network model, by creating the own dataset using numpy library and evaluate the performance of the model on new test data

4.Write a python program to build the Linear Regression model. Calculate MSE and R-Squared value and Plot the actual and predicted values. 
5.Implement k-Nearest Neighbor algorithm to classify the Iris Dataset.

6.Write a python program to build the SVM classifier model to classify whether a fruit is orange or mango. 

7.Build deep learning Neural Network model by creating two hidden layers and check the accuracy of prediction.

8.Write a python program to use naive Bayes model to predict whether a person will buy_computer or not. Also display the accuracy of prediction. 

9.Implement BFS and DFS

10.i) Create a pandas data frame for the string “He is a good person” and display the dataframe.
ii) Create a pandas data frame for car_data which displays the list of car names and their corresponding prices. Display list of car names and display the details of second car using index.
iii) Append the new car_data to the existing data frame.
iv) Update any of the data in data frame.
v) Store the data frame to the csv file.
vi) Reading a csv file and storing in a another dataframe and display it.

11.i) Create a 2-D array with 3 rows and 4 colums using numpy and display its shape, itemsize and datatype and reshape the array as 4 rows and 3 columns.
ii) Create a 1-D array named profit with set of values. Similarly Create another 1-D array named sales. Calculate Profit Margin Ratio. [Formula: profit/sales]
iii) Use matplotlib library to plot a graph by taking any random set of values for x & y.
iv) Reading any csv file and storing in a dataframe
v) Use matplotlib library to plot a scatter plot with two different classes specifying different color for classes.

12.i)Create a pandas data frame for calories_data which displays the list of calories_consumed and  calories_burnt daywise.[Output contain 4 columns index value, day, calories_consumed and  calories_burnt] 
ii) Add an additional column calories_remining and calculate it and display[Note: calories remining = calories consumed - calories burnt] 
iii) Display calories_consumed and  calories_burnt daywise. Here, The days should not be a separate column. Days should act as a index to the dataframe.   
iv) Store the data frame to the csv file.
v)  Display the pandas version.
